    A boy is 12 years old who live with his family in Addis Ababa around Glulele Sub city from 5 children
he is fourth child for his parents. He has three brother and one sister. His parents are business man
which have medium income. They believe protestant Christian religious. He is tall one meter and 35
centimeter and 36kg weight. He has Ethiopian red face color.
	He always likes to play football early in the morning at the football field. He didn't even take his
bag to his class. He will carry it while he is playing with few students. It's because he is class is at
fourth floor so when he come back to the field after taking his bag to the class he would be tired. His
class is the second class in the fourth floor the class has that says 5th B at the right side of the class.
    He sits on the third desk with his age girl. He didn't talk unless they ask him something. So they call
him the quite guy his teachers also called him the polite guy. His interest on learning depends on the teacher.
So if he like the teacher he will love the and if he don't like the teacher he will also hate the subject. He
like general science. He likes because the teacher teaches them with entertaining them. He is also the member
of science club. on the other hand he hates math in Amharic because the teacher teaches them anger. But he has
the same interest in other subjects.
    Most of the time he seems satisfied. He have health relationship with his friends. He didn't rush
in to fight. Most of his friends are those who he met at school field in the morning. He have thirteen friends
but he is close with Yosef. He is his only neighbor and also his class mate. When he got in to fight he easily
forget the fight and ask apology to them.9:30 is the time which the last period ends that means he got to go home.
His home is not that far from school. As soon as he got home he will change his cloth, wash his foot and eat easy
snack and go to circus. He trains circus three days a week. On other days he plays play station game with his friend,
draws some drawing or study even though he wants to play foot ball his neighbor Old man’s won't let him. Once he kick
his neighbor door and they told it to his family so his family told him not to play foot ball out side of the house.
He also can't play football in the house because its to small. Because of this he has a bad view for his neighbors.
On Saturday he sing choir at church with his age boys and girls. His likes all the colors. He is good at drawing no
one won't expect some guy at his age to draw like this. So his family and his teachers admire him even his drawing
teacher gave him award once.
     His favorite day is Sunday because he got to go to church and he got more time to enjoy with his family he is
the fan of Cristiano Ronaldo who is soccer player. He always nag his mom to buy him his(Ronaldo's) cloth and posture.

	He will get mad when what he want doesn't done to him he will even cry he is so sensitive he easily cry when you
shout at him. In future he want to be famous artist and he want to help the poor people's with the money he will get.
He want to develop his drawings kills and become a drawer. In his spiritual life he want to be a singer to worship God.
